Update README.md (#2519)
microsoft/kiota: vscode/microsoft-kiota/README.md

# Microsoft Kiota

> Kiota is a client generator for HTTP REST APIs described by OpenAPI. The experience is available as [a command-line tool](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Microsoft.OpenApi.Kiota) and as [a Visual Studio Code extension](extension link once published).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Kiota is a client generator for HTTP REST APIs described by OpenAPI. The experience is available as [a command-line tool](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Microsoft.OpenApi.Kiota) and as [a Visual Studio Code extension](https://aka.ms/kiota/extension).
```

Kiota helps eliminate the need to take a dependency on a different API client for every API that you need to call, as well as limiting the generation to the exact API surface area you’re interested in, thanks to a filtering capability.

## Features

Using kiota you can:

1. Search for API descriptions.
1. Filter and select the API endpoints you need.
1. Generate models and a chained method API surface in the language of your choice.
1. Call the API with the new client.

All that in a matter of seconds.

## Microsoft Kiota extension for Visual Studio Code 

> This [Visual Studio Code] (https://code.visualstudio.com/) (VS Code) extension adds a rich UX support for the Kiota experience. The features include all of Kiota capabilities such as search for API descriptions, filtering and generating API clients and more! 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This [Visual Studio Code] (https://code.visualstudio.com/) (VS Code) extension adds a rich UI for the Kiota experience. The features include all of Kiota capabilities such as search for API descriptions, filtering and generating API clients and more! 
```
